known throughout the world as a place
full of wonder and wildlife Alaska is
full of bears
in the spring these mayor's come out and
eat grass and berries in the summer and
fall the abundance of salmon is food
that literally swims to them
sultry Lodge has its own salmon stream
on its 62 acres and a few thousand
salmon come each year to spawn in a
small screen Scott Kim owner of psaltery
Lodge took the camera out one today to
get some footage of the Bears that
frequent the property the Bears that
come around the property are wild and
don't like to get too close to people he
would need to stalk from downwind of the
Bears and pier out to the side of a tree
less than 20 yards away he found a
couple of different bears using the
stream that day but was pleasantly
surprised to find a sow and her two cubs
fishing in the stream the Cubs don't
know how to catch salmon on the road so
they're relying on their mother to teach
them and bring them dinner this young
cub climbs trees better than any human
what better avantage point to watch the
action than die up in a tree
Vincente are coming back from a two-year
journey in the open ocean and through a
miracle of nature are now returning to
the very stream where they were born
most will spawn and die continuing a
cycle that has gone on through time but
a few will get to nourish the hungry
bears so they can build their energy for
the long winter hibernation mother bear
finally caught a salmon and the Cubs are
ready to help her eat it
her other cub comes down the tree to
enjoy the meal as well
Scott was thrilled at how close he was
to these Bears who had no idea he was
only yards away he filmed him for about
30 minutes and then at one point the
mother bear started to cross the stream
directly towards him that's when he
decided to step out from the tree and
show himself mother bear was agitated at
this and grunted for her cubs to run
away
his heart beating he appreciated the
gift the Bears had given it showing him
there fishing traditions passed from one
generation to the next for thousands of
years
Alaska truly is the last frontier
please consider psaltery lives for your
next Alaska vacation
psaltery Lodge Alaska series the beauty
and majesty of Alaska as seen through
the eyes of Scott Kim the owner of
sultry Lodge near Ketchikan with his
cameras in tow he captures Alaska from
unique perspectives on high-definition
video visit sultry large calm and his
photography site at alaskagranny.com
to see his work led Alaska take your
breath away